I'm so glad you brought this because
this is the invitation that Toleration
sent this is the get something like this
you show up this is ridiculous
look at this and then it says this okay
so it comes up see she invited me
personally yes that's what he did to me
are you sure I'm positive
yeah of course I said my name and then
it goes on to the Tyler Perry studios it
shows the whole thing but you still
didn't go no I did it go who knows what
I have to send Tyler to apologize who
did you meet at this party
oh who didn't I need you to meet Beyonce
yes I met Beyonce I met Beyonce's
ponytail which was all the way down to
the ground
one Colin Kapernick I spent time with
him oh cool Oprah Cicely Tyson Wow I
need a baker I mean I was I was there
with Whoopi of course of course he had
the stage name sound stage named after
her
I was with Hillary Clinton Hillary is
that she showed up in this like Wakanda
outfit yeah why did you mistakenly use
the word fabulous instead of ridiculous
and Jade over there Chris Tucker we were
just all walking together puffy let's
take that outfit in just for one more
look at Will Smith he's just trying to
contain his laughter from this Wow how
about that that's some part it was once
you sit on the view in between in
between joy and Megan yes now are you
ever worried you might get stabbed or
something like that often or that I may
do the staff yeah yeah you do you guys
is it fun to fight on television every
single day
[Laughter]
you don't hire five passionate smart
aggressive women and not get what what
you get and and and we adore each other
but there are many days where we dislike
each other
uh-huh and we are passionate about our
positions and and you see it every
single day right
do you really adore each other or this
we do you do some days some days some
days but like there are days I will
adore the least it's a it actually
depends on the day
there have been there hasn't been a
co-host that I have not argued with um
onset and offset the only person that I
actually feel a little guilty about
arguing with is Abby because she's so
sweet
oh you know and so we all do feel a
little bit guilty
what do you argue with Whoopi about
there's nothing to Whoopi's lay back
she's no she's not like if she was on
that game we played in the monologue I
would have picked her immediately No
you know she is I heard you brought the
new view mug Fermi is that true yeah yes
let me have that because I'm gonna tell
you something yes it has the current
lineup you know it's been years since
they made a new view the view mod well
yes because it's the view mug curse
often times when we have our faces on
the mug everyone gets fired or some
people get like the next scene right and
you have to make a new mug yeah we have
to make a new mug but I have survived
two mugs oh that's good did not watch my
is you this is me with my chickens oh
yeah with you you have chickens right I
do I have 16 of them she that's too many
no it's not high it's not how many yes
what helmet is you gonna get more I
would love to get more my husband
doesn't like things that fly chickens
can fly up to 3 feet so I hide them in
that our laundry room
cuz he doesn't go in there and then I
just shipped them to the coop and then
he doesn't go into the coop and then I
just amassed them the chickens are they
in the apartment or are they outside um
they're outside if it gets cold then I
just put them in the laundry did they
give you a lot of eggs yes how many eggs
are you getting on a daily base 16 16
eggs a day yeah one from each chicken
yeah so they're all egg bearing age all
of them Wow and all those eggs I make
frittata I make cake that's almost 500
eggs a month it's wonderful your
cholesterol has got to be must be eating
a lot of Easter must be at Easter time
I'm coming straight to your house yeah
we named all of them because if you
don't name your chickens it's because
you're gonna eat them you know is that
right
okay and they know that yes yeah
tell me about this new show this
murdered show that you're involved I'm
really proud of it I was a prosecutor
and I just remember that a lot of our
victim stories were never told and I'm
myself when I was seven I saw my uncle
stabbed in front of me and one of ya and
one of the things that I remember about
it is that our family never talked about
it believe it or not really and we moved
from the Bronx we moved into Manhattan
it changed everyone's lives and I
recently told my dad you know wow I I'm
doing this show because I want to tell
people's stories and he said I can't
believe you remember that because he
would forget that would forget that but
it's because victims of crimes trying
not to talk about it so I went all
around the country and I tried to tell
the stories from the victims
perspectives I wanted to not necessarily
talk about these celebrity killings not
to say that that's not important but I
wanted to tell the story of what happens
to a community what happens to people's
families just what happens when
something unspeakable occurs in a
community and how you can survive
sometimes and how it changes you and
just what it does and if and I know you
know the celebrity stuff but like if
Megan were to stab joy or vice versa
will that make the show it could it
could make this job and they would have
to shows - well I know people love those
murder shows right you know people love
true crime I think people love the being
the armchair detective maybe yes very
well it's great to have you here give my
love to all your co-hosts and the
chickens as well sunny Hostin everybody
in this again Jesus coming
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it